ver 2.27.2:
General:
	- Use our own "paired" icon, to avoid confusion in some themes
	- Remove "Trust" from the UI, it's an implementation detail
	- Group input and audio device-types under the same heading
	in the chooser

Applet:
	- Use new "disabled" icons
	- Add a status label for the killswitch menu item
	- Add the ability to connect/disconnect from devices
	directly from the applet's menu

Properties:
	- Only show the default adapter, and simplify the UI
	- Show a way to turn off the killswitch when there's
	no Bluetooth adapters in the machine

Wizard:
	- Don't show "Enter passkey" when we know the passkey
	of the device already
	- Remove special-casing of mice, and PS3 BD remote from
	the code and into the database
	- Move passkey options button back into the content area,
	from the action area
	- Simplify passkey options dialogue
	- Connect to input and audio devices when setup finishes
	- Mark all the newly paired devices as trusted
	- Fix the wizard not allowing to get past the search page
	when the device selected didn't have a name at first
	- Port quirks database to XML
	- Add quirk for the Bluemax Bluetooth GPS Receiver GPS-009
	- Add quirk for the Nintendo Wiimote
	- Add quirk for iBT-GPS, and another GPS

Sendto:
	- Fix obex-data-server support

ver 2.27.1:
	- Fix the translations clashing with the old gnome-bluetooth

ver 2.27.0:
	UI changes:
	- Move the device related buttons in the properties,
	and add labels for them
	- Fix the properties not fitting on netbook screens
	- Revive the chooser widget, and add a chooser button,
	exported through a library
	- Add killswitch functionality to the applet, and show
	the applet as disabled when the killswitch is on, or
	the adapter is disabled
	- Make the discoverable preference easier
	- Use the GTK+ invisible char not '*' in the wizard for Simple
	Pairing
	- Better display of passkey in the wizard
	Functional changes:
	- Add PIN quirks database for a number of devices for wizard
	- Allow users to select another passkey for devices in wizard
	- Wait for the device name to be available before setting up
	a device
	Build fixes:
	- Remove use of deprecated functions
	- Loads of memory leak fixes
	- Show the Bluetooth preferences in XFCE, and launch
	the applet there as well
	- Update sendto for latest obex-data-server API

ver 1.8:
	Add additional support for using obex-client.
	Make mice and keyboards automatically trusted.
		
ver 1.7:
	Add support for HAL enabled kill switches.

ver 1.6:
	Add new visibility settings.
	Add device setup button to properties application.
	Add activation menu with option to setup devices.
	Use the Icon property for device type icons.
	Use the Alias property for device names.

ver 1.5:
	Use GIO to normalize pathnames.
	Fix getting name of remote devices.
	Write "time left" in human readable terms.

ver 1.4:
	Use longer D-Bus timeout for device creation.
	Add Simple Pairing support to the wizard.
	Add bluetooth-browse application.
	Stop discovery when closing browse dialog.
	Connect keyboards and mice after setup.
	Introduce headphone device type.

ver 1.3:
	Fix pincode handling for headsets and mice.
	Fix complete status when going back to search page.
	Use StartDiscovery and StopDiscovery method calls.
	Sort search lists by RSSI value.

ver 1.2:
	Add support for numeric passkey requests.
	Add support for confirmation requests.
	Remove --singleton from desktop files.

ver 1.1:
	Fix device status display in selection lists.
	Enable bluetooth-sendto application.
	Enable bluetooth-wizard application.

ver 1.0:
	Make use of the BlueZ 4.x D-Bus API.

ver 0.28:
	Import translations from Ubuntu Rosetta.
	Add selected device name property.
	Hide filters box when not needed.

ver 0.27:
	Import translations from Ubuntu Rosetta.
	Improve the handling of error messages.
	Make the display of service names translatable.
	Remove status column for services.
	Disable the passkey confirmation part.
	Enable PIE by default if supported.
	Don't optimize when debug is enabled.

ver 0.26:
	Import translations from Ubuntu Rosetta
	Update user interface of sendto application.
	Move analyzer application to the system category.

ver 0.25:
	Remove signal handlers when no longer needed.
	Show OBEX errors and close server on failure.

ver 0.24:
	Update various translations.
	Add Frisian translation.
	Add tablets and joypads/joysticks device types.
	Fix setting filter properties in the device selection widget.
	Fix missing assignment of filter labels.
	Show all the possibly known devices.

ver 0.23:
	Include more translations from Ubuntu Rosetta.

ver 0.22:
	Update for obex-data-server version 0.3 API.

ver 0.21:
	Update Polish translation.
	Allow translation of the sendto application.
	Fix annotation for missing translatable strings.
	Fix translation issue for desktop files.

ver 0.20:
	Disable signals when finalizing the object.
	Make about dialog a single instance.

ver 0.19:
	Add new Tango friendly Bluetooth icon.
	Add support for file receiving.
	Add support for file sharing.
	Don't show class of device selector when HAL is used.
	Enable the clickable links and call applications.
	Make search button and discovery work again.
	Fix detection of database update tools.

ver 0.18:
	Update Japanese translation.
	Separate status icon, notification and agent handling.

ver 0.17:
	Update Polish translation.
	Handle uint64 file size variables.
	Use object path for session path type.
	Use well known name to autostart the OBEX service.

ver 0.16:
	Update Polish translation.
	Add Japanese translation.
	Add more supported HAL classes.
	Add support for handling default adapter changes.
	Make device selection widget look better.
	Make notification library a requirement.
	Enable sendto application.

ver 0.15:
	Use buttons in notification popups.
	Use CreateSecureDevice for input device setup.
	Add remove button for network connections.
	Enable connect/disconnect button for network devices.
	Enable singleton support.
	Update device selection widget.
	Make tooltips HIG compliant.

ver 0.14:
	Add support for Bluetooth mime types.
	Add support for service specific actions.
	Ask user to confirm when deleting a bonding.

ver 0.13:
	Include translations from Ubuntu Rosetta.

ver 0.12:
	Add support for disconnecting devices.
	Add support for changing the trust status.
	Add trust checkbox to authorization dialog.

ver 0.11:
	Add support for BTSnoop files with baseband data.
	Add support for showing list of bonded devices.
	Split properties code into multiple files.

ver 0.10:
	Add Bluetooth protocol analyzer application.
	Add Bluetooth device selection widget.
	Add browse device menu entry.
	Remove GTK compat code for status icon.

ver 0.9:
	Simplify the GConf callbacks.
	Make some strings more translator friendly.
	Don't translate command-line warnings.
	Rename Brazilian translation file.
	Update Polish translation.
	Add Romanian translation.

ver 0.8:
	Add support for limited discovery mode.

ver 0.7:
	Fix handling of multiple adapters.
	Use HAL for initial class of device setup.
	Add basic support for authorization agent.
	Add missing manual pages.
	Add GConf schema support.
	Add translatable desktop and schema files.
	Add Finish translation.
	Add Brazilian translation.
	Add Polish translation.
	Add Hungarian translation.

ver 0.6:
	Fix policy for showing status icon.
	Add support for confirmation callback.
	Add application for Bluetooth settings.

ver 0.5:
	Add support for periodic discovery.

ver 0.4:
	Fix handling of daemon restarts.
	Always show the status icon.

ver 0.3:
	Add notification support.
	Add about dialog.

ver 0.2:
	Add status icon support.

ver 0.1:
	Initial public release.
